wait just a minute
okay come look
Oh
what did he write I mean it oh thanks
are they gone yeah and it looks like he
ain't it and drink it to me what do you
think he's got a lot of stuff I guess
there's only there's only four stockings
full baby no I think I get some I think
they're just I'll wrap them to the tree
I think daddy bought mine adults don't
get Santa gifts but remember we bought
for daddy and daddy bought that for me
mm-hmm and we have gifts from family
under there Santa brought a few big
gifts
my kids I don't know you see all the
kids look at all the presents Santa
brought look look at those big boxes oh
you just want to watch TV again I get
the or I guess you were good this year
hello kitty but it's so cool how are you
doing Carter open are you open in the
window
but if crayons Elmo yeah it's crayons
and paper to draw under the air you said
what is this and you need some pants
don't you I like though I really like
these who is that Carter he need some
how Santa uses a lot of tape doesn't
whoa what's that
spider-man there you go
you can
what is it
Barbie Dreamhouse
as an elevator Barbie Towson so all
those dollars that's you nap now they
have a place to live a place within the
state
hold on kurta that's for the bathtub
look what's upside-down
then I must think we have a nice you
like it you like it that's the same game
you play at the movies number Merry
Christmas and Merry Christmas look at
all these presents oh my gosh
but the best present of all what mommy
got the naked 3 palette alright alright